Wallet and WalletSetup docs updates (#867)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Wallet.md

Wallet re-scan requires access to the full node which means that this function is only available for server owners.

Users who use a third-party host should use a newly generated xpub key and also use an external wallet like Electrum which allows them to increase the gap limit.

### PSBT

> In the **Partially Signed Bitcoin Transactions** (PSBT) tab, you can upload and decode any PSBT. For example, a signed PSBT from your external wallet can be broadcast via BTCPay Wallet. For more information on PSBT [check this link](./ColdCardWallet.md#spending-from-btcpay-server-wallet-with-coldcard-psbt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Partially Signed Bitcoin Transactions** (PSBT) tab, you can upload and decode any PSBT. For example, a signed PSBT from your external wallet can be broadcast via BTCPay Wallet. See [more information on PSBT](./ColdCardWallet.md#spending-from-btcpay-server-wallet-with-coldcard-psbt).
```
